hello YouTube it's dark right so one
with the part 7 video of my 23 duelist
revolution special editions these are
the last ten boxes and I opened up the
boxes not the packs with just the boxes
got eight gold circles and only to drill
warriors so I can the whole thing I only
got seven drill warriors and the rest
were glitz arcos so a lot more gold
circles than drill warriors obviously so
yeah I'm going to get started with
opening the packs and probably going to
make three or four more parts and i'm
going to start heaviest down this one
was like three or four grams heavier
than average pack so i'm guessing it's
going to have some extra cards how many
I don't know but it should be
interesting open just the left out 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 geez all right
sister watch you have nowhere
ambitious goals and super Amazon's
heirloom so just extra Commons 141 so
far not bad that's the greatest Hallows
right second test scrap hunter and pound
all right third pack wait one more style
morning or duality to really earn some
money on this here sir there and another
caller all right fourth pack about three
to open those eyes willpower fabled
knave and secret rare that's worth some
money so I'm happy with that pull that's
good I saw got three price cards now you
can scrap dragon nice cool
scrappy an account parallel selection
not that put soap on a finger baby with
my definite hall here parallel selection
Oh an arse wrong semester I'll them off
alright hopefully this is a hollow get
back on the road hypnocorn game is ours
sharing is I can't even so subside on
yeah shamanism and resides real power
I'm going to open to impacts do I take a
break as I don't want the video to get
too long their hair no hollow so the
best pull so far was fatal grade and
last pack of the part 7 scrap hunter and
another time alright so thanks for
watching the part 7 video and make sure
to watch the next part to open some more
facts thanks for watching bye